Add Nobl9 tile to integration-extras (#1019)
DataDog/integrations-extras: nobl9/README.md

# Nobl9

## Overview
Nobl9 is an SLO platform that provides real-time and historical SLO reports.

> Nobl9 integrates with Datadog to collect SLI metrics and measure them against

Reviewer: Can you list these metrics in the `metadata.csv`?

Author: @sarah-witt per @coignetp 's comment [here](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/1019#discussion_r736232740) it sounds like its not needed.

# Nobl9

## Overview
Nobl9 helps you set and understand reliability goals. Nobl9 integrates with
Datadog and other data sources to collect SLI metrics and measure them against
SLO targets. Nobl9 provides real-time and historical SLO reports against the
SLIs, thereby allowing customers to uncover bottlenecks, errors, and issues
faster. Since Nobl9 calculates error budgets of acceptable thresholds, it can
trigger workflows and alerts when the error burn rate is too high or has been
exceeded.

Benefits include:
- **Business Alignment**: Add business context to monitoring data that
optimizes reliability and cost.
- **Standardize Practices**: Define reliability goals, measure those goals,
and improve services.
- **Enable Teams**: Align activities against the priorities set by the

> error budget.

Reviewer 2: Use the Datadog Nobl9 integration to pass business context to monitoring data, define and measure reliability goals, and align activities against the priorities set by the error budget.

### SLO Grid View
![SLO Grid View](images/grid_view.jpg)

### SLO Detail
![Detail](images/slo_detail.png)

### SLO Report
![SLO Report](images/slo_report.png)

### Service Health Dashboard
![Service Health Dashboard](images/service_health.png)

### Dashboards

## Setup
All configuration happens on the Nobl9 SLO Platform.

> 1. Add the Datadog API endpoint to connect to your data source (required).

Reviewer 2: `https://api.datadoghq.com` or `https://api.datadoghq.eu`

2. Enter a Project name. The Project field is intended for use in situations
where multiple users are spread across multiple teams or projects. When the
Project field is left blank the typical default value appears.
3. The Display Name appears automatically when a name is entered into the

> Name field.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Name** field.
```

> 4. Enter a Name (required). A Name is required because metadata names are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Enter a name for your data source (required). Names are required because metadata names are
```

unique within each project and are validated against some RFC and DNS names.
The name must contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters and dashes. For
example: `my-datadog-data-source`

> 5. Enter a Description (optional). Add the team or owner details and explain

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Enter a description (optional). Add the team or owner details and explain
```

the purpose of creating this specific data source. Adding a description can
provide immediate context for any team member

> More information about creating SLOs on the Nobl9 platform can be found
> [here](https://nobl9.github.io/techdocs_User_Guide/#service-level-objectives-38)
> 
> ## Support
> - Email support@nobl9.com
> - Website: https://nobl9.com/about/#contact

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See Nobl9's [User Guide][1] for more information about creating SLOs on the Nobl9 platform.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Nobl9 Support][2] or [Datadog Support][3].

[1]: https://nobl9.github.io/techdocs_User_Guide/#service-level-objectives-38
[2]: https://nobl9.com/about/#contact
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

```

# Nobl9

## Overview

> Nobl9 is an SLO platform that provides real-time and historical SLO reports.
> Nobl9 integrates with Datadog to collect SLI metrics and measure them against
> SLO targets. Since Nobl9 calculates error budgets of acceptable thresholds, it
> can trigger workflows and alerts when the error burn rate is too high or has
> been exceeded.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Nobl9 is a SLO platform that provides real-time, historical SLO reports. Nobl9 integrates with Datadog to collect SLI metrics and measure them against SLO targets. Since Nobl9 calculates error budgets of acceptable thresholds, it can trigger workflows and alerts when the error burn rate is too high or has been exceeded.
```

> Use the Datadog Nobl9 integration to pass business context to monitoring data,
> define and measure reliability goals, and align activities against the
> priorities set by the error budget.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Datadog Nobl9 integration allows you to pass business context through monitoring data, define and measure reliability goals, and align activities against priorities set by the error budget.
```

### SLO Grid View
![SLO Grid View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/grid_view.jpg) [4]

### SLO Detail
![Detail](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/slo_detail.png) [5]

### SLO Report
![SLO Report](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/slo_report.png) [6]

### Service Health Dashboard
![Service Health Dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/service_health.png) [7]

## Setup

> All configuration happens on the Nobl9 SLO Platform.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

All configuration happens on the Nobl9 SLO Platform.
```

> 1. Add the Datadog API endpoint to connect to your data source, either
> https://api.datadoghq.com/ or https://api.datadoghq.eu/ (required).
> 2. Enter a **Project** name. This field is intended for use in situations
> where multiple users are spread across multiple teams or projects. When the
> field is left blank, a default value appears.
> 3. The **Display Name** appears automatically when a name is entered into the
> **Name** field.
> 4. Enter a name for your data source (required). Names are required because metadata names are
> unique within each project and are validated against some RFC and DNS names.
> The name must contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters and dashes. For
> example: `my-datadog-data-source`
> 5. Enter a description (optional). Add the team or owner details and explain
> the purpose of creating this specific data source. Adding a description can
> provide immediate context for any team member.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Add the Datadog API endpoint to connect to your data source, either `https://api.datadoghq.com/` or `https://api.datadoghq.eu/` (required).
2. Enter a **Project** name. This field is intended for situations where multiple users are spread across multiple teams or projects. When the field is left blank, a default value appears.
3. The **Display Name** appears automatically when a name is entered in the **Name** field.
4. Enter a name for your data source (required). Metadata names are unique within each project and are validated against some RFC and DNS names. The data source name must contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters and dashes. For example: `my-datadog-data-source`.
5. Enter a description (optional). Add the team or owner details and explain why you created this specific data source. Descriptions provide immediate context for any team member.
```

> See Nobl9's [User Guide][1] for more information about creating SLOs on the Nobl9 platform.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For more information about creating SLOs on the Nobl9 platform, see Nobl9's [User Guide][1].
```

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Nobl9 Support][2] or [Datadog Support][3].

[1]: https://nobl9.github.io/techdocs_User_Guide/#service-level-objectives-38
[2]: https://nobl9.com/about/#contact
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[4]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/grid_view.jpg
[5]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/slo_detail.png
[6]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/slo_report.png
[7]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/service_health.png

> ### Service Health Dashboard
> ![Service Health Dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/nobl9/images/service_health.png) [7]

Reviewer 4: Looks like a duplicate here: 

```suggestion
```
